,review
0,Good. Delivered in time
1,"I’m impressed with Iphone. It’s fast, has a great camera, and the battery life is excellent. A solid upgrade!"
2,Delivery experience was very good and i received genuine product.Phone review:The phone is nothing extra ordinary. The features of the phone are as par compared to basic mid-range budget phones from andriod.As far as camera goes the dynamic range of is it very good without any much color correction.Rest every thing is just average.You should go for this only if your an apple user fan or you always wanted an iphone.
3,Using it and it’s so value for money.
4,Excellent
5,
6,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
7," This review is for the people who want to shift from Android to Apple as I did .I used Xiaomi K20 pro as my last device .I have been an mi phone for last 10 years and was happy with the value for money offered from the mi and also the camera was top notch for the prices .Fast forward to 2023 , I brought apple 14  , I always wanted to buy iPhone but due to battery back up and high costs I kept postponing.And believe me iPhone is not a smart phone to be compared with any android phones , this is in league of its own , so no comparison of orange to apple for sure.Silky smooth ui, touch screen , camera , sound , display , battery back up : Simply superb.You may face little difficulties in shifting to iPhone but little patience is all you need and you will love it for sure"
8,
9,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
10," I am writing my review after 2 months of usage. It's a great phone and works best in apple environment.There is only one drawback is battery, it's not that bad i almost charge my phone after 48 hours but when it is used for heavy purpose, battery drains quickly. Everything else is great. 👍"
11,Good to use.Satiafied with purchase.Camera:10/10Performance:10Product:10
12,"I have been using android for a long time and this is my first iphone (not because i wanted to) but because of my professional needs.apart from trying to learn to ride a new pony i am bit disappointed esp with the screen size. although it says 6.1"" it is much smaller than my OnePlus 6T which is also 6.1"", which is just a perfect size for me. Had I known I would have gone for 14 plus which is advertised as 6.4""Apart from that the hardware is smooth and camera is decent.no fingerprint scanner but uses faceID"
13,"Pros:1. Powerful A15 Bionic chip2. Beautiful OLED display3. Excellent camera quality4. Long-lasting battery life5. Secure Face ID authentication6. Up to 5 years of software updatesCons:1. Expensive2. No major design changes from the iPhone 133. No headphone jack4. No expandable storageOverall, the iPhone 14 is a great phone, but it's not a major upgrade over the iPhone 13. If you're looking for a new iPhone, the iPhone 14 is a good option, but you may want to consider waiting for the iPhone 15, which is expected to have more significant changes."
