,review
0,"The keyboard is great with the linear red switches.  only few problems that i faced was very small keys which sometimes cause miss click of the keys, u really need to get a good habit of the keyboard. Another issue that lies is issue with the arrow keys as its embedded in the AWSD and its hard to use the commands like ctrl shift -> or <- while coding, or the arrow key in general while typing, going back is a lil tricky due to use f both hands, even there is no fn key on the left hand side. The rbg is bright and looks good and build is decent with a decent weight profile ."
1,"A GREATTTTT Product, hats off the Redgear it is really nice, if this is your first time buying a 60% keyboard I want to tell you a few things. If you use the arrow keys frequenty I DO NOT recommend buying as it dosent have the function keys and you have to press FN+W,A,S,D to use it as arrows"
2,"I Just Got This Keyboard Today. I Ordered A White And Gray Color Keyboard (White One). The RBG On It Looks So Good. It Got Hot Swappable Switches. It Has Red Color Switches. There Are Three Types Of Switches : Blue 🔵, Brown 🟤 And Red 🔴. The Blue 🔵 Switches Sounds Loudest. The Brown 🟤 Switches Sounds A Little Less Than Blue Switches. The Red 🔴 Switches Sounds Lesser Than Blue & Brown Switches."
3,"Usually, for a good mechanical red switch keyboard you would have to spend alot more than the cost of this.It has bright rgb, includes additional switches and also has a 1000 Hz Polling rate. Would go for this keyboard around this price range for sure."
4,
5,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
6,So I bought this keyboard.Its been over 2 months this keyboard is absolutely a good choice for gamers and for office work a nice and good keyboard.It has alot of different colours and different patterns for colours I highly recommend buying this keyboard
7,"Very nice keyboard! Super clicky, great feel, perfect size for gaming. If you're into coding or something product go for a full or 75% keyboard."
8,Pros:-Classy looks-amazing typing experience-RGB is bright and beautifulCons:-no arrow keys-just supports usb media
9,"So beautiful, so Elegant just amazing."
10,Buttons are quite good. Very nice sounds.
