,review
0,"This review after a few days of using this Samsung 22"" Monitor. In summary its excellent, 5*s, I am delighted. Now details: I WFH on a 36"" X 24"" table top. I placed on it, an Epson inkjet printer, 17.6"" laptop, 10"" BT keyboard, BT mouse, 2-3 mobiles, 1-2 diaries, ear phones and needed to add a monitor now, leaving space for my 2 palms and do my work! And everything must look great too! 22"" size which I predicted Ok for available space in this arrangement is just too good! What I liked is the monitor is neither too small, nor too big - just right for WFH, price is very competitive, display quality is excellent. Brightness & contrast adjustment ranges are very wide, are good enough to adjust for working in low daylights, no stress to the eyes. For bright daylight also adjustment range is excellent! To connect laptop, HDMI cable is supplied by Samsung. So I could start working on it in few minutes after unpacking. To connect with tablet, I needed to buy a convertor: HDMI to C or HDMI to USB (Samsung to consider giving that also at extra cost, genuine one is better). There are no speakers to the monitor but no problem, using ear phones from laptop. Monitor has practical vertical tilt adjustment, no complaints. Horizontal angular & vertical height adjustments are not there but no issues since bottom stand angle or height of the chair can be changed to adjust. I don't play any mobile or online games but display quality of photos and videos is excellent. There is no heating during prolonged use. 3 side bezels are negligible, bottom bezel is 3/4th inch but OK, it doesn't distract the view. Setting adjustments are easy. I normally use 1 window at a time, but 2 big tablet size  windows, 1 or 2 smaller windows get placed well on the screen. Secondary things like packing, delivery, ....., are all excellent. If you know, what for you require it, this is a 5* product at the price I got it! A Big thank you to Amazon and Samsung teams, keep doing great. (I am not paid for this review so its without any bias!)"
1,very nice product
2,This is ok with this price range. Same specification of another panel(hp) gives more pleasing to eyes. It's all about its price not about its specification.
3,good
4,Good
5,"This has been an excellent Monitor. So far since last 2 months I've been using it as secondary monitor when I've to do coding. Fits so much of code when compared to small 14"" laptop screen. Easy to connect. No 16Amp plug point required. Just a 2 pin 5Amp plug point is enough. Stand can be a little sturdy, but stable enough. No speakers. Wish there are 2 HDMI ports. Color accuracy is good. Ultra light weight."
6,
7,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
8,
9,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
10," Colors are accurate, screen is bright enough and 75hz is the perfect spot for me. So far no complains, just hope Samsung’s customer care doesn’t fail on me in case something goes wrong with the product. Worth for its price, recommended for programmers, media consumers and some non-competitive gaming."
11,"Pro:1. Image and video quality is very good( in i5 3570 processor,HDMI).2. Pixels are ok.3. Good for office use.4. Good looking and good build quality.5. Good text view.Cons:1. Brightness is very high. At 0 brightness with 0 contrast the screen seems normal.2. No sound system.3. Eye comfort did not work for me.Conclusion: Good image quality product. Use it for seeing movies,  pictures, normal office tasks.If you want best picture quality then use a good graphic card and a good processor (i5,i7).In this price range don't expect sAMOLED display."
12,
13,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
14, IPS panel is best but only speaker is missing. Samsung should launch with speaker.
