,review
0,"its a good keyboard for this price point , i bought the blue switch's which has more tactile feel and its nice , its has various RGB options ,its compact as its a 80% keyboard , it has a separate software for it , comes with like 2 extra switches , so conclusion a good keyboard for this price point"
1,"The keyboard is near perfect and feal great with good switch response. I saw 1 review saying it does not have gold plated usb, i mean come on it is a total gimmick and unnecessary. The RGB in on point and nice. Overall experience is great."
2,"Best Mechanical Keyboard as per price.I was using this same keyboard from past 2 years but now some keys stopped working.So bought it again, now they have added feature of swapping switches which is very good."
3,I got it for 2400/- Red switches hot Swappable. For the price It's a great keyboard and even if you want to expirement it is compatible with other great switches.
4,"The Cosmic Byte FireFly CB GK 16 Keyboard is a sleek and responsive peripheral suitable for both work and gaming. Its robust, Blue Switch keys offer a satisfying typing experience, enhancing productivity and comfort. The RGB lighting customization adds a touch of personalization, while the durable build. Overall, the Cosmic Byte FireFly CB GK 16 Keyboard strikes a balance between functionality and style, making it a solid choice for various user prefe rences.Isures longevity. However,"
5,if you are looking for a keyboard under 3K  just go for it
6,It's was really good experience after using this product the lighting colour quality keys was really awesome and for gaming it was really awesome value for money love it
7,"Got it just for Rs. 1700 by applying various offers. At that price, this is unbeatable. Good feedback, great build quality and the per key rgb is beautiful."
8,Keyboard is very good I am using it regularly since last month......i term of appearance I also look very good very attractive design....Per keyRGB lighting is the best part of this keyboard which I personally like.....and it is also easy to connect
9,
10,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
11," The keyboard quality is decent and this was the heaviest one on my list. RBG lighting is also good with many modes. The cable is long enough and of good quality. Typing experience is good.However the keys are little wobbly and have a slight squeak sound when pressed at a weird angle. Key cap markings are not the best with some(like &, B) clipped off a bit on top and bottom.Overall really good mechanical keyboard under ₹2.5k.🙌 Cosmic Byte good job👍"
