,review
0,
1,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
2," LG, Samsung, and Sony were, for 6-7 years, the only brands to dominate the television market. In today’s era, what I feel is that brands of television that come under 20k–22k (I am talking about a 40- or 43-inch TV), brands like Xiaomi-Redmi-MI, TCL, Thomson, Oneplus, Haier, Iffalcon, etc., or any other Chinese or French-assembled brands in India have all the same panels.The price we pay while choosing from one of these brands is for the brand name alone, or what’s the current position the brand is holding in the market. For example, Xiamoi and Oneplus hold good brand value, so their televisions' prices lie between 18 and 22k for a 40 or 43inch.On the other hand, brands like TCL and Thomson are working hard on establishing their brand to get ahead of Xiaomi and Oneplus. That’s why their products’ price for the same 40-42 inch is between 15000 and 21,000. All I want to say is that if you want the best picture quality, Android/Google UI/UX experience, and speed in your TV, then I would definitely say to push your budget 4x upwards and obviously go for the oldest television dominators in the market (what we call the Sada Bahar product), i.e., Sony, LG, and Samsung. Which price will start at 27k and go up to 40k.OrIf your purpose is to watch DTH, HD channels only, want good picture quality, and a smooth Android/Google UI/UX experience does not matter to you that much, then you can definitely go for any brand that is selling TVs under 22K.You can buy any of the brands, either Xiamoi or Thomson TV, because they use the same panels, the back body build quality is the same, there might be minute things here and there, but all over the experience and the quality are the same. They are all assembled; just the brand name is changed, and you are paying 2-3k more for that brand name only. Now, you’ll say, ""After-sale service also matters, and it differs brand to brand.” Yes, I absolutely agree with you on that. But tell me one thing: in almost all these brands, you are getting a 1 or 2 year warranty. Right? So, if you purchase online, you get all the facilities, the toll-free number, the brand’s customer care details, etc., and if any problem occurs, then with such an established system, these brands are selling appliances across the globe, so these brands, if some problem occurs, will definitely respond and will the service you want, whether it’s Thomson or Xiaomi.So, in after-sale service too, these brands are all the same. With the brands Sony, Samsung, and LG, it is all about reliability, credibility, supreme quality, and overall experience. All in all, I am satisfied with my purchase; it is a good TV. But when it came, I was going through the details of the Thomson TV. The reviews were all good, and I felt that 19000 ka Xiaomi ki jaghe Thomson ka same 40-inch 15000 vala le leta. Because saab kuch from display to features same hi toh hai, sirf brand name ka farak hai. But anyways, jo kharidliya voh badhiya, aab kya sochna.If you are planning to purchase a 40- to 43-inch TV below 20k–22k, then go with any of the brands, from TCL to Xiaomi to Oneplus to Thomson. Only if a brand name written on the TV’s bottom does not matter to you; just the TV matters!!!Peace!!!"
3,Nice experience but sound system is 30 watt but in app it shows 40 watt
4,"All features as expected, but hdmi connect not working with laptop, showing video isn't supported."
5,good product and fast installation
6,
7,"
                    The media could not be loaded.
                "
8," Colour wise it is very good even on mobile hotspot . The most important features of of the tv that it is smooth to use and sound is too good, only on problem I found in this tv while connecting with bluetooth ,headphone  the sound was not good . I'm very happy with the performance and you must buy to this tv."
9,Go for it
10,According to prize it's very very good product
11,Installation charges extra
12,I think i made a best decision for buying this very good product working properly since 1 year
