,review
0,"Good mouse but not as smooth as my 14yrs old mouse got from brand computer buying our first PC full set back in 2009.The old mouse is dead now buying this, the button is too large and straight cant grab it comfortably like u see on the photo the mouse is big. U wont get smooth mouse at this price with rgb light. If u wont good one buy without rgb."
1,"Dammmm good bruhh... the honeycomb design, the light effects, upto 7200 DPI, braided cable... Loved it. It also feels good in hand, as there are extra 3 side custom plates, you can attatch them as of your hand's comfort.But one thing made me sad that, when I tested its polling rate, it was going max to max 240 Hz only. It would be better if it be 1000 Hz. So if you are buying it for esports like games, don't go for it."
2,It is a good gaming mouse writing this review after 1 year. So guess what?! mouse stopped working today. It was a very good mouse...but if you want to use it for competitive games like valorant and CS you will face some difficulties like the response time is around 4ms which is not good for competitive. Tracking was good I hit platinum 2 with this mouse.It will really become very much dusty as it has honeycomb design...good lightweight...but the lifetime was very less
3,"Bought it for the second time, its been great using this. No matter how many times it get malfunctioned I'll buy this again and again, hope this doesn't get removed from amazon. Only  thing that put me in stress was its sudden breakdown due to some hardware problem"
4,Its really good for daily coding works !
5,"I recently purchased the  ZEBRONICS -Transformer-M with a High-Performance Gold-Plated USB Mouse: 6 Buttons, Multi-Color LED Lights,High-Resolution Sensor with max 3600 DPI,Switch(Black) and I must say that I am extremely pleased with the product. The mouse is comfortable to use and it features 6-buttons for more efficient functions. The gold-plated USB gives a sophisticated look and gives a stronger connection than other models. This mouse also provides a smooth tracking experience and greater accuracy during gaming and other activities. Overall, it’s a great product at a great price. I would definitely recommend this product and I am highly satisfied with my purchase."
6,Very good quality at this price as it is worth of moneyIt is not a best gaming mouse but it's performance is good at this priceThe mouse is very smooth and comfortable in hand
7,ok
8,its very good mouse . it also has DPI button .  material is very good . we can also change colour . overall its very good by price
